PROD-2756: upgrade dependencies and compiler version (#7)
cto-ai/sdk-bash: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Thanks for taking the time to contribute to SDK Bash!

> The SDK Bash is a group of binaries enabling users to interact with the CTO.ai
> API within their workflows. These binaries are written in Rust, so using `cargo`
> for the development cycle should suffice; however, we would like to share some
> details to help you with your contribution.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Bash SDK is a group of binaries enabling users to interact with the CTO.ai
API within their workflows. These binaries are written in Rust, so using `cargo`
for the development cycle should suffice; however, we would like to share some
details to help you with your contribution.

```

constructor and optional parameters through method calls on the
builder struct.

## Build and release process

> The Bash SDK binaries are automatically built and packaged as `tar.gz` by the
> GitHub Workflows within this repository on every commit. The build logic is
> distributed accross the `scripts/build*` scripts, which make use of
> `docker buildx` to cross compile the binaries, however for local development
> using `cargo build` should suffice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Bash SDK binaries are automatically built and packaged as `tar.gz` by the
GitHub Workflows within this repository, on every pushed commit. The build logic is
distributed across the `scripts/build*` scripts, which make use of `docker buildx` to
cross compile the binaries. However, for local development, using `cargo build` should suffice.
```

> A new release will be cut when the master branch is tagged with the next version
> number, which must match with the version in the root `Cargo.toml`. The
> resulting artifacts will be published within the GitHub **Releases** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the master branch is tagged with a new version (which must match the
version in the root `Cargo.toml` configuration), a new release is built. The
resulting artifacts will be published through the **Releases** of this repo.
```
